26 mrsoooorrou.

valuation of words would have 1000 clearly inappre-
ciable by the greater number 01 those whom it was
desired should thus taho part 10 110 worship. If 110
voices 01110 assembled multitudos were indeed claimed

for this, it could only 10 0000 some scheme which
should commend 110011 10 all by its simplicity—which
should 000001 10 some principle intelligible 10 every
man, whether he had received an eduoation 01 110
0010010, or 001. Quantity, with 110 001000 00 often
merely fictitious and involving 00 many inconsistencies‚

could no longer be maintained 00110 10010 01 harmony.
The Ohurch naturally 10111001 00 000001, which is
essentially popular, appealing 10 110 common sense 01
every ear, and 10 110 broader features, in 110 simple 0100
aud 1011, 000000101Ῑο by 011 ;-which had 0100 10 110
00100 with music 1110 advantage, 1101 11 allowed 10
those, who were muoh more concerned about what they
said, than how they said it, and could ill broch to be
crossed and turned 001 01 their way by ruloe and
restrainte, the necessity 01 which they did not ac·
knowledge—far greater hberty than quantity would
have afforded 11οιος inasmuch 00 110 musio, in 110 great
ehoral harmonies, was ever ready to throw its broad
mantle over the verse, to conceal 110 00010000, 001,
where needful, 1ο cover its multitude 01 0100 1.

¹ See F. Wolf, 1101010110 Laia, p. tra-84.

 

