ruruonucnrou. 3

’ kind. There was the second, rhyme without the dis·
placing of quantity by accent, in the rhymed hexa-

meterS, pentameters, and sapphics wherein the monkish
poete ο1 the middle ages indulged, still preserving as
far as they knew, and olten altogether, the laws of
metrical quantity, but adding rhyme as a further or·
nument to the verse.

Thus the results ol the two prodessen, namely, an
accented, and a rhymed, poetry, might have existed
separately, as indeed occasionally they do; and growing
up independently ol one another, they ought to be traced
independently also. Yet still, since only in the union
of the two could results have been produced so satisfy·
ing, so perfect in their kind, ae those which the Latin
sacred poetry offers to us; since they did in fact es-
sentially promote and further one another; the manner
in which they mutually re-acted one on the other, in
which the one change rendered almost imperative the
other, the common spirit out of which both the trans-
formatione procceded, should not be allowed to pass
unobserved-should be rather one of the chiefest matters
to which he, who would explain and trace the change,
should-direct his own and his reader's especial attention.

1 shall first take occasion to speak ol this sub·
stitution ο1 accent lor quantity, an accentcd lor a pro-
sodic verse3 which, however, is a subject that will
demand one or two prelinrinary remarks.

There is one very obvious, and yet·very noticeable‚
difference between the Christian literature ο1 the Greek
and Roman world on the one side, and all other and

1—a

 

