20 rurnooncrrorr.

tatere-so youthful as not yet to bave acquired confi-
dence in itself‚—and‚ though full of latent capacities‚
having hitherto actually accomplished little—to be
brought within the sphera of an elder, which is now
ending a glorious course, and which offers to the
younger for its imitation finished forms of highest
beauty and perfectiori. Most perilous of all is it, if

these forms are not so strange, but that with some little
skill they may be transplanted to the fresher soil, with ¹

a fair promise of growing and flourishing there. For
the younger to adbere to its own forms aud fashions,

rude and rugged, and es yet only most imperfectly =

worked out-to believe that in them, and in cleaving to
them, its true future is laid up, and not in appropri-
ating the more elaborate models which are now offered
ready to its hande—for it thus to refuse to be daazled
by the prospect of immediate results, and of overleap-
ing a stege or two of slew and painful progresS, this is
indeed most hard ,¹ the temptation has proved often-
times too great to be resisted.

It was so iu the case which we are considering now.
The Roman spirit could not, of course, utterly disap-

pear‚ or be entirely supprest. Quite sufficient of that Ἰ

spirit has remained to vindicate for Roman literature

en independent character, and to free it from the charge
of being merely the echo and imitation of something
else; but the Roman forms did nearly altogether dis·
appear, and even the Roman spirit was very consider-

ably depressed and affected by the alien influence to Ἴ
which it was submitted.

 

